Improve the 'Writing custom documentation' section (#3006)
godotengine/godot-docs: development/cpp/custom_modules_in_cpp.rst

1. Make a new directory in the root of the module. The directory name can be
   anything, but we'll be using the ``doc_classes`` name throughout this section.

2. Now, we need to edit ``config.py``, add the following snippet:

   .. code-block:: python

        def get_doc_path():
            return "doc_classes"

        def get_doc_classes():
            return [
                "Summator",
            ]

The ``get_doc_path()`` function is used by the build system to determine
the location of the docs. In this case, they will be located in the 
``modules/summator/doc_classes`` directory. If you don't define this,

> the doc path for you module will fall back to the main ``doc/classes`` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the doc path for your module will fall back to the main ``doc/classes`` 
```

directory.

The ``get_doc_classes()`` method is necessary for the build system to
know which registered classes belong to the module. You need to list all of your 
classes here. The classes that you don't list will end up in the 
main ``doc/classes`` directory.

.. tip::

    You can use git to check if you have missed some of your classes by checking the 

>     untracked files with ``git status``. For exmample::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    untracked files with ``git status``. For example::
```

        user@host:~/godot$ git status

    Example output::

        Untracked files:
            (use "git add <file>..." to include in what will be committed)
            
            doc/classes/MyClass2D.xml
            doc/classes/MyClass4D.xml
            doc/classes/MyClass5D.xml
            doc/classes/MyClass6D.xml
            ...
    

3. Now we can generate the documentation:

> We can do this via running godot's doctool e.g. ``godot --doctool <path>``,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can do this via running Godot's doctool, i.e. ``godot --doctool <path>``,
```

which will dump the engine API reference to the given ``<path>`` in XML format.

In our case we'll point it to the root of the cloned repository. You can point it
to an another folder, and just copy over the files that you need.

Run command:

   ::

>       user@host:~/godot$ ./bin/godot* --doctool .

Reviewer: That's not going to work if you have more than one `godot*` file in `./bin`.

Reviewer 2: I'd personally expect the documentation to assume `godot` is at the PATH or so, to simplify this for the sake of example/readability.

Author: The problem with this one is the section directly before this one, as we have explanations about building modules as shared libraries (near line 391):

```
...

Once compiled, we should end up with a ``bin`` directory containing both the
``godot*`` binary and our ``libsummator*.so``. However given the .so is not in
a standard directory (like ``/usr/lib``), we have to help our binary find it
during runtime with the ``LD_LIBRARY_PATH`` environ variable:

::

    user@host:~/godot$ export LD_LIBRARY_PATH=`pwd`/bin/
    user@host:~/godot$ ./bin/godot*

... bit more explanation ...

Writing custom documentation
----------------------------
```

I have an idea that *might* be the best of both worlds. I'll push it soon, along with all the other corrections.

Also I personally don't think the executable should be in the PATH in this example, because we build it a section earlier.

.. note::

>     If you want, you can prevent the core classes to be generated with the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you want, you can prevent the core classes from being generated with the 
```

Reviewer: But I'd straight out remove this note, it's not relevant for this use case.
What it does it that it doesn't dump documentation for Variants, but it still includes everything else from the API, so:
- Its actual use case is dubious
- It's not relevant for writing module docs

Reviewer 2: Last time I tested `--no-docbase` will also remove all base docs as well, polluting the `git status` with deleted classes, but this something which should be fixed IMO.

Author: I removed this one.

    ``--no-docbase`` command line option::

          user@host:~/godot$ ./bin/godot* --doctool . --no-docbase

Now if you go to the ``godot/modules/summator/doc_classes`` folder, you will see, 
that now we have a ``Summator.xml`` inside it, along with every class, that 

> you added with your ``get_doc_classes`` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now if you go to the ``godot/modules/summator/doc_classes`` folder, you will see 
that it contains a ``Summator.xml`` file, or any other classes, that you referenced
in your ``get_doc_classes`` function.
```

> Now you can edit this file, and recompile the engine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Edit the file(s) following :ref:`doc_updating_the_class_reference` and recompile the engine.
```

Once the compilation process is finished, the docs will become accessible within 
the engine's built-in documentation system.

In order to keep documentation up-to-date, all you'll have to do is simply modify

> one of the xml files and recompile the engine from now on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
one of the XML files and recompile the engine from now on.
```
